I believe the spatiality in Cao Fei’s work *RMB city* goes beyond what we traditionally perceive as a virtual space in games or sci-fi movies. The artist chooses *Second Life*, a platform normally used to create entertaining and playful gaming experience,  as the medium to construct this city, which produces a sense of ambivalence. The cultural and political symbols, as well as many national landmarks in real life are combined in an absurd and chaotic way, blurring the boundary between the virtual and real spatiality. Therefore, *RMB city* is more than a background setting/space where things happen. Rather, the spatiality itself, or the process of world-building constitutes a solid statement towards the urbanization and capitalism in rapidly changing Chinese cities. What’s more, I’m also intrigued by how the art work engages real-world capitals, which coincides with its self-explanatory title *RMB City*.

Compared with Cao Fei’s works, the net art projects from *Now You’re in My Computer* construct spatiality in a more abstract way. To be more specific, the spatiality here is described as “a theater of visibility where our activities, our ideas and ourselves play out as an ongoing performance”. For instance, in *Life Sharing*, there is a sense of “space” as users/viewers explore the row interface of that computer and dig into every corner of its architectural structure to find out the artists’ personal information, through which a seemingly strange intimacy and openness is produced. In this case, the website becomes a space to explore, to linger and to exchange. And the starting word of “now you are in my computer” undoubtedly contributes to the spatiality of the web as it emphasizes the spatial concept of “realm”.

Both readings engage some artworks that were produced over ten years ago, but even now those works are still very insightful and inspiring, especially when we start to examine how those early-stage, experimental and rebellious ideas might later be transformed or tamed by the commercialized aesthetics and the mainstream ideologies. For instance, just consider how today’s game developers, film makers and tech companies envision Metaverse in an attempt to achieve commercial success, which obviously goes far away from how Cao Fei uses the similar technique to construct  critique towards social reality. Apart from that, as mentioned in the second reading, to some extent, the emerging media platforms today which allow and even encourage us to perform different aspects of ourselves also indicate how the experimental artistic practice like *Life Sharing* might later become an essential part of our daily lives, though in a distorted way.
