### Rethinking the meaning of love in digital ages -reading response 5
The authenticity of our online presence makes it possible for us, the “digital natives”, to imagine and develop online intimacy which distinguishes itself from, or even goes beyond the relationship in the physical reality. In other words, there’s no clear boundary between our virtual selves and our physical ones as we construct our digital identities and bond it to our real-world personal information, such as our real name/phone number/address. What’s more, cyberspace has developed its own way to express intimacy, like the emojis and memes. And some social media apps have created some unique experiences about online intimacy. WeChat once updated a function which will show whether the person is typing when you chat with him/her. It’s really interesting to imagine how this function will complicate and enrich the experience when people communicate with people they love–just imagine when someone is typing for a long time and what you finally receive is just a simple short message then you will know how that short sentence is entangled with lots of complicated emotions.

While Evans talks about how love could come across screens and exist in a unique way digitally, McHugh discusses how the internet, social web and big data alters our perception of love. She points out that we inevitably leave traces on the Internet. The choices we make, the online social network we build and the people we are interested in all become part of the big data–it becomes easy to record but difficult to forget, and our past is documented while our future is predicted by algorithms. Behind the algorithms are endless recommendations and well-tailored advertisements, which greatly challenges the meaning of love. As Mchugh mentions, “love undocumented is love unadvertised and unexploited; it is love that will fade gently, like a photograph, instead of creeping up, algorithmically, like a Google image search result”. When love is no longer an emotion which derives from our impulses in the heart, but is entangled with surveillance ,capitals and power, how will that challenge the meaning of love?

Both Evans and McHugh discuss how the internet extends our perception of love and intimacy. While Evans is making a claim on whether or not we can construct a sophisticated online environment to express love and communicate complex emotions like in the physical world, Mchugh envisions in a nostalgic way on how the meaning of love can still be challenged because of the big data even though we have successfully built such an online system as discussed by Evans.
