The statement that “context is king” enables us to perceive net arts, or websites in general from a new perspective. The websites no longer serve merely as a “container” of the content. Rather, they coexist in an organic way so that we cannot approach the meaning of a net art without fully understanding the scenarios where the content is presented. And that context could be implied both before and after the internet’s “corporate turn”. For instance, before the corporate turn, the work *FloodNet* uses websites to perform “electronic civil disobedience”, which manifests the significance of its brand new context. Also, the unique context of the project *Automatic Rain* manifests itself in the slow, imperfect nature of the internet at that time. And the context has changed dramatically along with the corporate turn, which is closely related to the commercial aesthetic and the new social norms created by those powerful tech giants. In this case, projects at this stage actually use the existing commercial interface to produce a sense of resistance by making the seemingly normal website behave in an unexpected way.

The reading discusses the artistic strategy that “to make works that contain a relatively strong political and social intent, but clothed in an ironic ambiguity”, which could be applied to Mendi & Keith Obadike’s *Blackness for Sale*. This project carries a clear political intent by addressing the topic of racism. But the way it interprets and presents blackness is quite satirical– blackness was transformed into a product for sale at an e-commerce platform which every one is so familiar with. Instead of directly expressing the unfair treatments towards black people and calling for people to stop racism, the project leads people to explore and reflect on the “unusual” among the “usual”  by themselves, which is aligned with the idea of “ironic ambiguity”.

And when we examine *Blackness for Sale* in the context of Foucault’s “archive”, we could see how this project challenges the power dynamics of the internet by “speaking from within the rules”. Foucault’s interpretation of “archive” implies that almost everything we see on the internet is already censored, standardized, or decided, which is under the control of a “generalized system”. Therefore, it is empowering to put art works inside the familiar commercial template, such as eBay in Blackness for Sale. It is not internalized by the system. Rather, it reminds people to challenge what they have long taken for granted and stay critical towards those norms.
