Our virtual selves and the physical bodies have merged together to constitute our identity despite the infidelity between these two forms of existence.

Now when we talk about “reality”, what comes to our mind is not just the physical world where we perceive things through various tangible interactions, but also the cyberspace we immerse ourselves in. Just as the author mentions in the article, “the virtual exists in relation to the actual, and both virtual and actual are equally real”. Therefore, there’s no doubt that our identity is constructed upon these two “parallel” realities–just think about how we could simply use a google account, a so-called “valid” digital identity, to log into different websites.

However,  despite the equal significance our biological body and the virtual body share, a sense of infidelity still exists between them. In the article, the author mentions the net-art work My Boyfriend Came Back From the War, a web-based narrative that discusses the infidelity in a romantic relationship after a war. Themed infidelity, the artwork itself also serves as a metaphor of the infidelity between our virtual selves and the physical ones–does our virtual being truly represent who we are in the physical reality? Is it believable, faithful, or real? And when we put this philosophical question in the context of our daily life, we also construct our digital identities across different social medias. And they seem believable since lots of social media requires the user to authenticate their real-world identity, such as their name, phone numbers… However, we actually “perform” differently in different platforms, and we inevitably present the most desirable aspect of ourselves. In that case, infidelity may still exist despite those attempts to construct a cyberspace with transparency and safety.
